feat(ts): add MCP tool filtering and name prefixes (#3415)
strands-agents/sdk-python: site/src/content/docs/user-guide/concepts/tools/mcp-tools.mdx

</Tab>
<Tab label="TypeScript">

> TypeScript's `McpClient` supports the same tool filtering and name prefixing behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TypeScript's `McpClient` supports tool filtering and name prefixing to manage tools from multiple servers.
```

```typescript
--8<-- "user-guide/concepts/tools/mcp-tools.ts:tool_filtering_prefixing"
```

> String matchers match the server-side tool name exactly, and `RegExp` matchers match it from the start. Callback

Reviewer: Can we copy the above python example to the typescript tab here?

Reviewer 2: @strandly-the-agent copy this from https://strandsagents.com/docs/user-guide/concepts/tools/mcp-tools/ python docs
